Add use guidelines (#166)
openclimatedata/openscm: README.rst

This OpenSCM implementation comes with a command line tool
``openscm``.

Use guidelines
--------------

We encourage use of OpenSCM as much as possible and are open to collaboration.
If you plan to publish using OpenSCM, please be respectful of the work and the `Maintainers`_' willingness to open source their code.

In particular, when using OpenSCM, please cite the DOI of the precise version of the package used and consider citing our package description paper [when it's written, which it's not yet :)].

> As appropriate, please consider also citing the wrappers and models that OpenSCM relies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As appropriate, please consider also citing the wrappers and models that OpenSCM relies on.
```

> References to the wrappers and original models can be found in the documentation and are available in bibtex format in the ``CITATIONS`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A way to cite OpenSCM alongside the references to the wrappers and original models can be found in the documentation and are available in bibtex format in the ``CITATION`` file.
```
